adding snipsync wrapper to directory section of the readme (#113)
temporalio/samples-go: README.md

- [**Crypt Converter**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/cryptconverter): Advanced, newer example.

- [**Query Example**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/query): Demonstrates how to Query the state of a single Workflow Execution using the `QueryWorkflow` and `SetQueryHandler` APIs. Additional documentation: [How to Query a Workflow Execution in Go](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/go/queries).

- **Selectors**: Do not use the native Go `select` statment. Instead use [Go SDK Selectors](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/go/selectors) (`selector.Select(ctx)`) to maintain a [deterministic](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/go/workflows/#how-to-write-workflow-code) Workflow. Can be seen in the [Pick First](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/pickfirst), [Mutex](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/mutex), [DSL](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/dsl), and [Timer](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/timer) examples.

> - **Sessions**: Demonstrates how to bind a set of Activity Executions to a specific Worker after the first Activity executes. This feature is showcased in the [File Processing example](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/fileprocessing). Addition documentation: [How to use Sessions in Go](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/go/sessions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Sessions**: Demonstrates how to bind a set of Activity Executions to a specific Worker after the first Activity executes. This feature is showcased in the [File Processing example](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/fileprocessing). Additional documentation: [How to use Sessions in Go](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/go/sessions).
```

- **Signals**: Can be seen in the [Recovery](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/recovery) and [Mutex](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/mutex) examples. Additional documentation: [eCommerce application tutorial](https://docs.temporal.io/blog/tags/go-ecommerce-tutorial), [How to use Signals in Go](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/go/signals).

> - [**Search Attributes**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/searchattributes): Demonstrates how to use custom Search Attributes that can be used to find Workflow Executions using predicates (must use with [Elasticsearch](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/server/elasticsearch-setup)).

Reviewer: Check to ensure that my edits don't change your intent:

```suggestion
- [**Search Attributes**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/searchattributes): Demonstrates how to use custom Search Attributes to find Workflow Executions by using predicates (must use with [Elasticsearch](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/server/elasticsearch-setup)).
```

> - [**Timer Futures**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/timer): The sample starts a long running order processing operation and starts a Timer (`workflow.NewTimer()`). If the processing time is too long, a notification email is "sent" to the user regarding the delay (the execution does not cancel). If the operation finishes before the Timer fires, then the Timer is cancelled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Timer Futures**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/timer): The sample starts a long-running order-processing operation and starts a Timer (`workflow.NewTimer()`). If the processing time is too long, a notification email is "sent" to the user regarding the delay (the execution does not cancel). If the operation finishes before the Timer fires, the Timer is cancelled.
```

> - [**Tracing and Context Propagation**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/ctxpropagation): Demonstrates  the client initialization with a context propagator, which propagates specific information in the `context.Context` object across the Workflow Execution. The `context.Context` object is populated with information prior to calling `StartWorkflow`. This example demonstrates that the information is available in the Workflow Execution and Activity Executions. Additional documentation: [How to use tracing in Go](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/go/tracing/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Tracing and Context Propagation**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/ctxpropagation): Demonstrates the client initialization with a context propagator, which propagates specific information in the `context.Context` object across the Workflow Execution. The `context.Context` object is populated with information prior to calling `StartWorkflow`. This example demonstrates that the information is available in the Workflow Execution and Activity Executions. Additional documentation: [How to use tracing in Go](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/go/tracing/).
```

### Dynamic Workflow logic examples

These samples demonstrate some common control flow patterns using Temporal's Go SDK API.

> - [**Dynamic Execution**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/dynamic): Demonstrates how to execute Workflows and Activities using a name rather than a strongly typed function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Dynamic Execution**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/dynamic): Demonstrates how to execute Workflows and Activities by using a name rather than a strongly typed function.
```

- [**Branching Acitivites**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/blob/master/branch): Executes multiple Activities in parallel. The number of branches is controlled by a parameter that is passed in at the start of the Workflow Execution.

- [**Exclusive Choice**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/choice-exclusive): Demonstrates how to execute Activities based on a dynamic input.

- [**Multi-Choice**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/choice-multi): Demonstrates how to execute multiple Activities in parallel based on a dynamic input.

> - [**Mutex Workflow**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/mutex): Demonstrates the ability to lock/unlock a particular resource within a particular Temporal Namespace. In this examples the other Workflow Executions within the same Namespace wait until a locked resource is unlocked. This shows how to avoid race conditions or parallel mutually exclusive operations on the same resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Mutex Workflow**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/mutex): Demonstrates the ability to lock and unlock a particular resource within a particular Temporal Namespace. In this example, the other Workflow Executions within the same Namespace wait until a locked resource is unlocked. This shows how to avoid race conditions or parallel mutually exclusive operations on the same resource.
```

> - [**Parallel Workflow**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/parallel): This sample executes multiple branches in parallel using the `workflow.Go()` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Parallel Workflow**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/parallel): Executes multiple branches in parallel by using the `workflow.Go()` API.
```

> - [**Pick First**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/pickfirst): This sample executes Activities in parallel branches, picks the result of the branch that completes first, and then cancels other Activities that have not finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Pick First**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/pickfirst): Executes Activities in parallel branches, picks the result of the branch that completes first, and then cancels other Activities that have not finished.
```

> - [**Split/Merge**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/splitmerge): Demonstrates how to use multiple Temporal coroutines, instead of native goroutines. This samples to processes chunks of a large work item in parallel, and then merges the intermediate results to generate the final result. Do not use native goroutines in Temporal Workflows. Instead, the coroutine provided by the workflow.Go API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Split/Merge**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/splitmerge): Demonstrates how to use multiple Temporal coroutines, instead of native goroutines. This sample processes chunks of a large work item in parallel, and then merges the intermediate results to generate the final result. Do not use native goroutines in Temporal Workflows. Instead, use the coroutine provided by the workflow.Go API.
```

> - [**Synchronous Proxy Workflow pattern**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/synchronous-proxy): This sample demonstrates a synchronous interaction with a "main" Workflow Execution from a "proxy" Workflow Execution. The proxy Workflow Execution sends a Signal to the "main" Workflow Execution, then blocks, waiting for a Signal in response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Synchronous Proxy Workflow pattern**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/synchronous-proxy): Demonstrates a synchronous interaction with a "main" Workflow Execution from a "proxy" Workflow Execution. The proxy Workflow Execution sends a Signal to the "main" Workflow Execution and then blocks, waiting for a Signal in response.
```

### Scenario based examples

> - [**DSL Workflow**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/dsl): Demonstrates how to implement a DSL-based Workflow. This sample contains 2 yaml files that each define a custom "workflow" which instructs the Temporal Workflow. This is useful if you want to build in a "low code" layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**DSL Workflow**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/dsl): Demonstrates how to implement a DSL-based Workflow. This sample contains two YAML files that each define a custom "workflow" that instructs the Temporal Workflow. This is useful if you want to build a "low code" layer.
```

> - [**Expense Request**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/expense): This demonstrates how to process an expense request. This sample showcases how to complete an Activity Execution asynchronously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Expense Request**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/expense): Demonstrates how to process an expense request. This sample showcases how to complete an Activity Execution asynchronously.
```

> - [**File Processing**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/fileprocessing): Demonstrates how to download and process a file using set of Activities that run on the same host. Activities are executed to download a file from the web, store it locally on the host, and then "process it". This samples showcases how to handle a scenario where all subsequent Activities need to execute on the same host as the first Activity in the sequence. In Go, this is achieved by using the Session APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**File Processing**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/fileprocessing): Demonstrates how to download and process a file by using a set of Activities that run on the same host. Activities are executed to download a file from the web, store it locally on the host, and then "process it." This sample showcases how to handle a scenario in which all subsequent Activities need to execute on the same host as the first Activity in the sequence. In Go, this is achieved by using the Session APIs.
```

> - [**Particle Swarm Optimization**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/pso): Demonstrates how to perform a long iterative math optimization process using particle swarm optimization (PSO). This sample showcases the use of parallel executions, `ContinueAsNew` for long histories, a Query API, and the use of a custom `DataConverter` for serialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Particle Swarm Optimization**](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/pso): Demonstrates how to perform a long, iterative math-optimization process by using particle swarm optimization (PSO). This sample showcases the use of parallel executions, `ContinueAsNew` for long histories, a Query API, and the use of a custom `DataConverter` for serialization.
```
